a powerful feature of Cutting Room
Graphics is that you can make them
aspect aware this makes it easy for
users to create and edit Graphics in
different aspect ratios to start off
create your graphics template in the
16x9 aspect ratio add all the layers
that you would like
[Music]
if your graph has multiple layers we
recommend that you group The Elements
together once you have completed editing
it in the 16x9 ratio this will make it
easier to edit in the other aspect
ratios when switching to a different
aspect ratio you will see that the
graphics template appears there but you
may need to make some adjustments for it
to better suit that aspect ratio make
the necessary changes in all your other
aspect
ratios when switching between the
different aspect ratios you will see
that any changes to a template in one
aspect ratio will not affect the others
however note that some features of a
graphic can only be changed in the
master version which is the 16x9 aspect
ratio these fixed features of a graphic
will look the same in all the different
aspect ratios once you are done editing
your graphic in all the different aspect
ratios save the template by saving your
graphic all the features and positions
of the template in each of the different
aspect ratios will be saved that way
when using the graphic in the future you
won't need to make any changes to the
template you can simply add the graphic
to the timeline and change the text if
that is an element in your
template if you need to change something
in your template do it in the 16x9 ratio
then reset the template in the other
aspect ratios for it to reflect the
changes made in the 16 by9 ratio once
resetting the template in the other
ratios make any changes for it to better
suit that aspect ratio when you are
happy with the changes you've made save
this new version of the template